All right.
So in this lecture we are going to talk about how we can now split this particular gigantic 253 pages
document into, uh, into smaller chunks with a set of uh, set of indexes, probably, uh, and how
we can actually achieve that.
Well, in order for us to achieve this operation, we are going to use this, uh, this library from
the long chain with a text splitter.
So if you just go back to long chain over here and if you're going to search for, uh, text splitter,
something like this, uh, you will notice that we have got, um, this text splitter over here.
And these text splitters are basically going to be helping us to do, uh, a lot of text splitting that
we wanted to do this split test and transform documents and things of that nature.
And one of the text splitter that we are going to be using probably is going to be the recursive character
text splitter.
So that is what we are going to be using in this particular section.
So I'm going to say uh, what is this one.
A two hour text splitting.
So I'm going to use the link chain text splitters.
And I'm going to import a recursive character text splitter over here.
So what I use this recursive text splitter I could able to split the text like how I wanted to.
So I can say splitter is equal to recursive character text splitter.
And over here I can now specify the chunk size, because I need to split the text into multiple chunks
so I can split based on the chunk size.
And I'm going to say every chunk needs to be of 1000 characters.
And then I also need to have a chunk overlap over there.
And the overlap is going to be 200.
So what does that really mean?
Basically, you are going to have a chunk of 1000 characters in one of your chunk, and you are going
to have another chunk as well starting from 1001.
But while these texts are going to be split into multiple chunks, there are chances that you may lose
some of the text from exact position where it is starting.
So it is always wise to have a overlap so that even if there is a duplicate wordings or duplicate characters
in two chunks, that doesn't matter.
But your large language model will have more context when it tries to combine those chunks together.
So that's the reason why we need to have this chunks overlap, so that it knows that this is the continuation
of the actual context that it is working with.
And I'm also going to add a start index, uh, which is going to be true.
And this is important that we need to do because we will know what is the index that we're starting
with.
All right.
So these are the things that we are going to have in the recursive character test text split.
And finally I'm going to do the splitting of the documentation.
So I'm going to say all splits is equal to text splitter dot split the document.
So you see that this particular method split document is from this particular text splitter.
And I need to split which document.
Which is this guy the documents that we have got.
So I'm going to say documents that's going to split the entire documents for me.
And now we can just say how much the length of all these particular document is all about.
So I'm going to say all splits and let's try to run that.
This is going to be 640.
You see that now we have splitted this this document of 253 into 640 different, uh, splits and main
chunks.
So each chunks is going to have quite a lot of data in there.
And as I told you, there are like 1000 characters in there.
So it's going to be, um, it's going to be stored in every single chunks for you.
And now we are pretty good to go with this particular chunk.
We can then finally start doing the embedding part of all these chunked data that we have got.